# Analysis-of-Passenger-Airplane-Accidents
Analysis of Passenger Airplane Accidents from 1950 to Present Using K-Means
There are 10 input values in the data set, which consists of 142 data. The data includes passenger plane crashes after 1950.
A value of 0 in the country borders parameter indicates that the headquarters of the aircraft company is outside the country of origin, and a value of 1 indicates that the accident is within the borders of the country. The value of -1 is used for situations where it is not known in which area the plane crashed.
In the error type parameter, a value of 1 is for human-induced errors, a value of 2 for technical errors, a value of 3 due to weather conditions, a value of 4 for hijacking, a value of 5 for aircraft missing and unexplained accidents, a value of 6 where aircraft collide or collide with an object. The value of 7 is used for external attacks on the aircraft.
A value of 0 in the weather parameter indicates that the weather is good and has no effect on the accident. A value of 1 indicates that the weather was bad and somehow affected the accident. The value of -1 is used for values where the weather information is unknown.
In the aircraft construction parameter, a value of 1 is for Airbus, a partner company of Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Spain, a value of 2 for Poland, a value of 3 for the United Kingdom, a value of 4 for the United States, a value of 5 for France, a value of 6 for the Netherlands, a value of 7 for Brazil. The value 8 is used for the Soviet Union, the value 9 for the joint company of France and Italy, ATR, the value of 10 for Sud Aviation, the partner company of France and the United Kingdom, the value of 11 for Ukraine, the value of 12 for Canada, the value of 13 for Russia.
